Changelog update for 7.63.3 release (#34718)
DataDog/datadog-agent: CHANGELOG.rst

Release Notes
=============

.. _Release Notes_7.63.3:

7.63.3
======

.. _Release Notes_7.63.3_Prelude:

Prelude
-------

Release on: 2025-03-04

- Please refer to the `7.63.3 tag on integrations-core <https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/AGENT_CHANGELOG.md#datadog-agent-version-7633>`_ for the list of changes on the Core Checks

.. _Release Notes_7.63.3_Bug Fixes:

Bug Fixes
---------

> - Disable the X25519Kyber768Draft00 key exchange mechanism to avoid issues with
>   firewalls not supporting it, in particular AWS Network Firewall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fully disable the X25519Kyber768Draft00 key exchange mechanism to avoid issues with
  firewalls not supporting multi-packet key exchanges, in particular AWS Network Firewall and Suricata.
```
